[Applause]
[Music]
hey everyone welcome back to the channel
as you can see by the title warner
brothers have hit an all-time low in
regards to their treatment of the snyder
cuts
doesn't sound very new but they've done
something else so let's get into it
so on september 7th zack snyder's
justice league blu-ray and 4k uhd was
released in the united states and it
appears that warner brothers were
supposed to release a promotional video
for it on their youtube channel however
they seem quite reluctant to do so
somehow we have found out that they have
placed a promotional video on unlisted
for any of you that do not know placing
a youtube video on unlisted means that
people only with a link to that video
can see it
so with warner brothers placing this
video on unlisted means that they do not
want people to see it which emphasizes
the case that they do not want the
snyder cut to be a success in any way
they leaked out all of the trailers
before they were supposed to be shown in
an attempt to decrease the excitement
for them
they accidentally uploaded the entire
film onto hbo max a week early under the
title of the tom and jerry movie
they have also yet to release the
official numbers of the snyder cuts but
have done so with all their other hbo
max films such as godzilla vs kong and
wonder woman 1984 and now they have
placed the promotional video for the
blu-ray of the snyder cut on unlisted in
an attempt to decrease the potential
sales
but zack snyder has now promoted the
unlisted video on his vero account and
the video has at this time 40 000 views
and 7
800 likes which i think
may be the most viewed and liked
unlisted video ever it just seems to be
very petty from warner brothers it's
extremely clear that they don't want the
snyder cut to be a success and are doing
everything in their power for it to be a
flop
if you look at the comments of the video
they all have one thing in common they
are all confused as to why on earth
warner brothers are doing this they are
really not doing themselves any favors
people are realizing what they are doing
and it's turning people away from dc
fans aren't losing their loyalty towards
dc they're losing their patience with
warner brothers dc fans will always
enjoy the majority of dc's stories it's
the fact that warner brothers are giving
the impression that their egos are more
important than their studio's success
this comment on the unlisted video puts
it best this only shows how much the
success of the snyder cut still hurts
the people currently running warner
brothers
basically saying that the executives at
warner brothers are intimidated by the
success and power of the snyder cut it
still baffles me to this day that they
can't just admit that they were wrong
about changing justice league and should
have let snyder complete his vision and
allowing him to do so fans would have so
much more respect for warner brothers if
they did this i said from the start that
i would only want to see the snyder
verse restored if i actually thought the
snyder cup was good enough
i didn't want to push for the snyder
verse before i had seen the film because
if it was bad then why would i want to
see more of it but i loved it and it
ends on a huge cliffhanger with my
favorite dc characters
so as a fan who has invested in this
story i want to see what happens next if
you were to compare it to marvel it
would be like watching everything up to
avengers 1 and then stopping there after
we've seen such a good universe built so
far and so much potential to see in the
future it's not about trying to get this
universe restored to make warner
brothers look stupid it's because there
is such a fantastic universe that has
been built with huge potential and
they're trying to abandon it and instead
focusing on disconnected dc films that
could make them some money but people
don't really care for in the long run
i've said this multiple times and i'll
say it again the discovery merger is our
best hope unless before then warner
brothers somehow change their mind and
restore the snyder verse so make sure to
tell me what you think about warner
brothers keeping the promotional video
on unlisted in the comments below but
that is all for today's video thank you
so much for watching please make sure to
like and subscribe and turn on post
notifications so you never miss a video
i hope to see you here again soon so
until then have a great day bye
[Music]
you